Add documentation for admin v1 beta (#872)
api-platform/docs: admin/customize.md

# Customizing the Admin

> Customizing API Platform Admin is easy and idiomatic. The tool give you the ability to customize everything, from the list of resource types that must administrable to the every single inputs or buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customizing API Platform Admin is easy and idiomatic. The tool gives you the ability to customize everything, from the list of resource types that must be administrable to every single inputs or buttons.
```

    <ResourceGuesser name="reviews" show={ReviewsShow} />
    {/* ... */}
  </HydraAdmin>
);
```

In addition to the `<FieldGuesser>` component, [all React Admin Fields components](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/Fields.html) can be passed as children of `<ShowGuesser>`.

## Customizing the Create Form

Again, the same logic applies to forms, here is how to customize the create form:

```javascript
import React from "react";
import {
  HydraAdmin,
  ResourceGuesser,
  CreateGuesser,
  InputGuesser
} from "@api-platform/admin";

const ReviewsCreate = props => (
  <CreateGuesser {...props}>
    <InputGuesser source="author" />
    <InputGuesser source="book" />
    <InputGuesser source="rating" />

    {/* While deprecated fields are hidden by default, using an explicit InputGuesser component allows to add them back. */}
    <InputGuesser source="letter" />

    <InputGuesser source="body" />
    <InputGuesser source="publicationDate" />
  </CreateGuesser>
);

export default () => (
  <HydraAdmin entrypoint="https://demo.api-platform.com">
    <ResourceGuesser name="reviews" create={ReviewsCreate} />
    {/* ... */}
  </HydraAdmin>
);
```

> In addition to the `<InputGuesser>` component, [all React Admin Input components](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/Inputs.html) can be passed as children of `<ShowGuesser>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the `<InputGuesser>` component, [all React Admin Input components](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/Inputs.html) can be passed as children of `<CreateGuesser>`.
```

> For instance, using an autocomplete input is straightforward, [checkout the dedicated documentation entry](handling-relations-to-collections.md#using-an-autocomplete-input)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, using an autocomplete input is straightforward, [check out the dedicated documentation entry](handling-relations-to-collections.md#using-an-autocomplete-input)!
```

## Customizing the Edit Form

Finally, you can customize the edit form the same way:

```javascript
import React from "react";
import {
  HydraAdmin,
  ResourceGuesser,
  EditGuesser,
  InputGuesser
} from "@api-platform/admin";

const ReviewsEdit = props => (
  <EditGuesser {...props}>
    <InputGuesser source="author" />
    <InputGuesser source="book" />
    <InputGuesser source="rating" />

    {/* While deprecated fields are hidden by default, using an explicit InputGuesser component allows to add them back. */}
    <InputGuesser source="letter" />

    <InputGuesser source="body" />
    <InputGuesser source="publicationDate" />
  </EditGuesser>
);

export default () => (
  <HydraAdmin entrypoint="https://demo.api-platform.com">
    <ResourceGuesser edit={ReviewsEdit}/>
    {/* ... */}
  </HydraAdmin>
);
```

> In addition to the `<InputGuesser>` component, [all React Admin Input components](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/Inputs.html) can be passed as children of `<ShowGuesser>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the `<InputGuesser>` component, [all React Admin Input components](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/Inputs.html) can be passed as children of `<EditGuesser>`.
```
